docs(ai-agents): document multi-org limitation for MCP server (#81337)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/ai-agents/interfaces/mcp/readme.md

- **Credentials for the connectors you want to use.** Each service requires its own authentication. For example, you need a Linear API key to connect Linear, or Salesforce OAuth credentials to connect Salesforce.

:::note Multiple organizations not supported

> The Agent MCP does not support accounts that belong to more than one organization. If your account is associated with multiple organizations, use the [SDK](../sdk), [CLI](../cli), or [API](../api) instead.

Author: ```suggestion
The Agent MCP doesn't support accounts that belong to more than one organization. If your account is associated with multiple organizations, use the [SDK](../sdk), [CLI](../cli), or [API](../api) instead.
```
